Hi, I'm Belle.
I'd like to add this sub
to my third contention
but I'm worried about time.
You can chart it on your flow
and make the call
when you're up there.
Oh my god. One o'clock.
I think he's on the other team.
I will gladly argue the negative
on that case.
First, he has zero nerd cred.
Secondly, he's imminently
do-able.
If I'm wondering what
he looks like naked,
which I am,
then there's no way
he's on the team.
[ whispering ]
You have a boyfriend.
I'm just saying.
Next we have a Lincoln-Douglas
style debate
on whether it is morally
permissible for a victim
to use deadly force
as a deliberate response
to repeated domestic violence.
Speaking for the affirmative
from Ferndale Prep,
Miss Miriam Weeks.
Miriam?
Make it rain, girl.
[ applause ]
I affirm the resolution that
it is morally permissible
for victims to use deadly force
as a deliberate response
to repeated domestic violence.
I define "moral" as pertaining
to, or concerned with,
the principles of right
and wrong.
"Permissible" as permitted
or allowable.
A "victim" as a person who
suffers from a destructive
or injurious action
or agency.
My value for this debate
is justice.
Plato defines "justice" as
doing well to one's friend
if he's good
and harming one's enemy
if he is evil.
[ Ralph ]: Miriam, can you
come in here?
You got something
in the mail today.
It's from uh, Duke University.
You ever heard of that place?
Oh, honey. Just give it to her.
Let me see it.
Aah.
Oh my gosh, this is it.
It's a big envelope.
Is that good?
Only one way to find out.
I got in!
Yes!
[ squealing ]
Bring it in.
See? I told you.
When you put your studies first
and you're willing to work hard-
[ simultaneous ]
Good things happen.
What kind of financial aid
package did they offer?
That part of the offer appears
to be a little underwhelming.
It's Duke though.
But Vanderbilt offered you
a full ride.
It's just as good a school.
But Duke is my dream school,
and it's number one for pre-law.
It's your decision.
If Duke is what you
have your heart set on
then we'll figure out a way
to make the finances work.
Thank you, daddy!
To the graduates.
Here, here.
[ Mom ]: To Miriam and Josh.
So, big day little sis.
Do you feel any different now
that it's official?
Mmm, not really.
I'm just relieved, mostly.
All the hard work paid off.
[ Mom ]: And now you
can't be mad about having
a strict curfew.
[ Miriam ]: I can still be
a little mad.
Uh, wait.
Let's say grace.
Lord, thank you for these gifts
which we are about to receive
through the bounty
of Christ.
Amen.
Hey. What's going on?
You're being really weird.
No, I'm not.
Yeah, you are.
I just don't need you hanging
on me every second, ok?
Look. I'm sorry.
But I feel like I need
to be honest.
We're gonna be 3,000 miles away
from each other next year and I-
No-
I don't think that
it's such a good idea
if either of us are tied down.
You know I'm crazy about you.
But it just makes sense.
I want to have fun, and
I want you to have fun.
You're gonna go to Duke
and you're gonna meet guys
and you're gonna wanna go
on dates and party-
No, don't tell me what I want.
This is about you and the fact
that you want to get
with other girls, just say it.
I made up my mind.
Don't embarrass yourself,
Miriam.
[ sobbing ]
♪
This is such a beautiful campus.
This map is basically
hieroglyphics.
I think that building
over there is her dorm.
Yeah, that's it.
[ phone rings ]
Hello?
This is he.
Dad? Are you coming?
Just a moment.
I'll catch up with you.
I have to take this.
Go ahead.
Ok.
Is this a co-ed building?
Mom, most dorms are co-ed.
I don't think that's true.
I'm pretty sure my dorms
were co-ed.
I don't remember that.
Of course you don't.
You probably never even
noticed because Paul's a guy.
I didn't say that.
You didn't have to.
[ whistles ]
This room is way nicer
than mine was.
It could use a little bit of
warming up.
It's perfect.
What's wrong?
I'm getting called back
to Afghanistan.
What?
Can't someone else go?
They need doctors.
[ Mom ]: You'll have to leave
your practice.
That's a huge pay cut.
We can still afford for me
to go to school here, right?
I don't want you to worry
about this.
These things have a way
of working themselves out.
Knock knock.
Are you my new roomie?
Hi, uh- oh!
Hello.
I'm Miriam and this
is my family.
We're from Spokane,
Washington.
Hi, Miriam. Hi, Miriam's family.
It's nice to meet y'all.
I'm Jolie, I just moved
in yesterday.
I'm from New Orleans.
Oh, Nola, that's so cool.
I've always wanted to go
to Mardi Gras.
Yeah, it's fun, but Jazz Fest
is way better, trust me.
Well, it's nice to meet you,
dear.
Let's go get the rest
of the stuff.
[ inhales ]
You smell that?
What?
The sweet, sweet smell
of freedom.
So how'd you find out
about this party?
Are you kidding?
This is a big party campus.
Plus, it's Independence Day.
The first official night on
campus before class starts?
It's so weird to just not have
to tell anyone where I'm going.
My mom watched me like
a hawk in high school.
So did mine, but I sorta
deserved it.
I did everything I was supposed
to do.
All the time.
Hey, I like your purse.
Thanks, girl.
Woah, that's no joke.
It's nothing.
I guess I just had my Girl
Interrupted phase in high school
or whatever, you know?
Yeah, totally.
So what do you think
you're gonna major in?
Well, I've always wanted
to be a lawyer, so pre-law,
but I'm also interested
in women's studies.
What about you?
Oh, no idea.
Right now I'm just ready
to major in finding a buzz.
Come on, let's go.
♪
Hi Jolie!
What's up?
Zayden, how are you?
Oh, where did you get those?
Jolie, hey!
Ok, you ready to have
some fun?
♪
Hello.
Hey.
How do you know so many
people already?
You just got to campus.
Some people are thinkers,
some people are listeners,
I'm a talker.
Oh my gosh, that guy is,
like,
obscenely handsome
it's criminal.
You mean Abercrombie ad guy?
He looks like a Kennedy
or something.
Well, come on!
Let's go talk to him!
Hey!
Hey. You were at freshmen
orientation yesterday, right?
No, I- I just moved in today.
Weird, 'cause you look
super familiar.
I'm Jolie and this is Miriam.
She just got here today,
too.
Hi.
Hey.
So where are you from?
Boston.
Oh. Ok, that's cool.
Ok.
Hey, Jeff!
This is my roommate, Miriam.
He lives in our building.
Hi. It's nice to meet you.
Hey, you too.
Uh, so I just heard Theta Tao
is throwing a party
and it is supposed to be
bananas,
and plus I plan to rush Theta
so I gotta get my ground
game going.
Would you ladies like
to partake?
Actually, you know, I think
I'm gonna crash.
It's been a really long day.
Ok, suit yourself.
Bye.
He's kinda cute, right?
Sweetheart.
Bitch.
Madonna.
Whore.
All of these words are deeply
ingrained into our psyche.
But what do they
really mean?
What we will do in this course
is challenge ourselves.
Challenge ourselves to
re-examine our own beliefs
and preconceptions.
[ phone rings ]
Hi, honey.
Hey. Mom, what's up?
How are you? How's school?
Um, it's fine. What's going on?
Well, I needed to talk to you.
Uh, your dad and I can't
cover your tuition right now.
What do you mean?
We're overextended with the huge pay cut your dad has taken.
You said it would be fine.
It will be, don't worry.
It just means you take out
some loans.
No, I don't want to do that.
Dad was still paying off
his medical school loans
until I was in middle school.
I'll be in debt for the rest
of my life.
I'm so sorry, sweetie.
You know if we had the money
we would give it to you.
Maybe you should talk
to financial aid.
How did the meeting go?
Horrible. It's like
I'm in no man's land.
My parents make too much money
to qualify for financial aid
but not enough
to actually pay for school.
I don't know what
I'm supposed to do.
I don't know.
You could get a job
on campus.
Tuition is $4,300 a month.
I couldn't even make a dent
in that
with the types of jobs
I could get.
Don't waitresses
make good money?
I'm guessing you haven't
waitressed.
No. I always wanted a summer job
but my family goes to
the Cape every summer.
You're lucky.
I did it once at a pie house
and the tips were awful,
the customers were rude,
it was kind of degrading.
Can't you take out loans?
I don't want to be in debt
for the rest of my life.
You know what? Screw it.
I'll start a Ponzi scheme.
That's too much work.
You could rob a bank?
Or become a porn star.
[ laughs ]
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Sorry, I just can't sleep.
[ phone rings ]
Hello?
Is this Belle?
Uh, this is she.
Hey, sweetheart.
You got a nice voice.
How're you doin'?
[ giggles ]
I'm fine.
Good. Listen, we got the picture you posted.
We thought you looked just
like the kind of sexy girl
we're looking for this weekend.
Have you worked before or
will this be your first scene?
This'll be my first.
Uh, what's the site?
Facial Assault.
We're a hardcore fetish site.
Oh. I don't think so.
You sure?
It's $1,200 for one day
of work.
We'll fly you to New York,
put you up in a nice hotel.
You said you were into BDSM.
Easy money.
Come on, it'll be a piece
of cake.
Honey, I'm home.
What? Where're you goin'?
Oh, uh... my friend Amy is
having kind of a meltdown
so I'm gonna visit her
this weekend in DC.
I just organized a movie
marathon slash pajama jammie jam
with a bunch of people.
You'd like them.
Awe, fun.
What's up?
Hey. Miriam, you remember Jeff,
right?
Yeah.
Hey.
You coming tonight?
No. She's going to visit
her friend Amy.
Wait, she's in Georgetown,
right?
[ laughs ]
Bring me back the digits
of a future senator.
I mean it, girl.
Ok, I'll see what I can do.
♪
There she is.
Belle, sweetheart,
come on in here.
Hi.
Sienna over there is gonna
do your make up,
get you changed.
Are you excited?
I am.
It's your first scene, right?
Yes.
We love first timers, huh?
Oh yeah.
It's gonna be a lot of fun.
Hi, uh... I'm Miria-
I mean Belle.
Yeah.
Sienna. Have a seat, hun.
I've never had my makeup done.
Yeah, well.
Guys like it natural so I'm
just gonna bump you up a bit.
Ok.
This is what they want you
to wear.
You got shoes?
Yeah. Um... where
should I change?
Right here.
We're all about to see it all,
anyways.
[ laughs ]
There's a bathroom
just down the hall.
I need you to sign this release
before we get going.
It just says you get paid
after we finish the scene,
nobody's gonna sue anybody,
you're eighteen, blah blah blah.
Just sign it.
There you go.
You're leaving?
Yeah.
I don't stay for the shoots,
hun.
Belle, this is your co-star,
Buck.
He likes to uh... well,
you know.
Hi. It's nice to meet you.
Yeah, sure.
This is gonna be a fun one.
Alright, let's roll.
Have a seat.
So, what's your name?
Um, Belle Knox.
Belle, like Beauty and
the Beast, you know?
Oh, you like fairy tales?
We got a real special
fairy tale for ya.
You a slut, Belle?
[ laughs ]
We'll see about that.
How old are you?
What do you do, slut?
Um, I'm eighteen
and I go to college.
Oh, what do you study?
[ laughs ]
Women's studies and law.
Yeah? Women's studies?
Are you a feminist?
Yeah.
A femi-Nazi,
that's what we call 'em.
What're you doing
at Facial Assault?
You must really be a dumb slut.
Um... I like rough sex.
You think so, huh?
Do you have any idea
what you're in for?
I don't think she does.
We're gonna teach you
a lesson in feminism
you will never forget.
[ laughs ]
You know, you got
a really dumb laugh.
[ slap ]
Why don't you shut up?
Stand up.
Wait! Wait!
Take off your top.
Ok.
He's got something to put
in your mouth
that's gonna make you shut up.
No, wait, stop!
Stop! Time out!
You're actually hurting me,
that's not what I signed up for.
That's exactly what you
signed up for
and if you don't finish
this scene you don't get paid.
It's very unprofessional,
though.
We all showed up to work.
You'll never work again.
No, it's ok. I'll finish.
But you don't have to hit
so hard.
I can make it look real, ok?
Yeah, ok.
Ok, let's do it.
Oh, so you're a cutter.
I said open your mouth!
You can't cut away the fact that are a worthless, dumb slut.
[ sobbing ]
[ phone rings ]
Hello?
Hey, Mir. How's Duke?
How's everything?
It's so awesome.
The campus is so beautiful.
I'm just at the church helping
with the food drive and uh,
I thought of you because, well,
you basically organized
this whole thing last year.
Everyone keeps asking
about you.
Really?
That's nice.
Mir...
What's wrong?
I can hear it in your voice.
It's stupid.
I'm just kinda homesick.
It's really lonely here.
That's totally normal.
It's a big change, you know?
Just take some deep breaths.
I know you're gonna crush it
on campus.
Thank you, Paulie.
I love you.
I love you, too, kiddo.
I know you're gonna have
the time of your life.
I promise.
[ sobbing ]
Why couldn't I have seen
all of this before?
[ ringing ]
Hello?
Hi. Is this Don at Pinnatus
Models?
Yeah, how can I help you?
Can I sit?
Hi. Uh... my name is Belle
and I just did my first scene
with a site called
Facial Assault.
Facial Assault are
unprofessional clowns
that pray on women
new to the business.
Your first scene should be
something nice and sweet,
like girl on girl.
Not hardcore facial.
You probably didn't even have
a safe word.
No. What is that?
Everyone on set,
before the cameras roll,
is given a safe word.
So then, while you're shooting,
if anyone feels uncomfortable
you just call out the safe word,
everyone stops
what they're doing
and makes sure
that everyone's ok.
That's actually
why I'm calling you.
I'm wondering how
your agency works.
I mean, I'm a student and I
really need to pay my tuition.
It's a super expensive
school.
What's the school?
Duke.
Ah, that's the school
for smart kids.
Nobody can know so I have to
work when I'm not in school.
Well, send me some pictures.
That's the first thing
you gotta do,
and if I decide to represent
you,
you can make some
real money even only working
on the weekends.
Ok. Thank you so much for being
so nice.
I'm not being nice, Belle.
I'm being professional, ok?
Send me those pictures.
Bye.
Call me if you want to make
some money.
[ phone rings ]
Hi.
Hey. I just got home.
When are you getting here?
Yeah, actually it turns out
I'm not coming home
for Thanksgiving.
What? No way.
Why?
I really need to save
the money
and my roommate is staying too,
so we're gonna have a potluck
with some of the other people
who are staying on campus.
I totally understand.
It's just... I miss you.
I miss you, too.
Gobble, gobble.
Are you excited to go home?
Yeah. I can't wait to just relax
and see the fam.
You leave tonight, right?
Yeah, I leave at 7:00.
What do you have in there?
I'm pretty much packing
pajamas to be a sloth in.
I just like to be prepared.
Excuse me.
Hi, are you Don?
Yes. Are you Belle?
Yeah.
You are much prettier
than your photographs.
Let me get that bag.
Thank you.
Ok, now welcome to
the City of Angels.
City? We've got a new angel.
♪ Welcome to Hollywood,
Hollywood... ♪
♪
Ok. Here we are.
I thought you'd be more
comfortable up here.
Oh, that is Missy.
She's doing sexy Twitter pics.
The girls stay here
when they need to,
they come and go
as they please.
Everything's very professional.
You have to remember, Belle,
this is a business.
If you wanna work and keep
working you show up on time,
you do what you're told,
you're pleasant to work with,
and you thank everyone
when you're done.
Of course.
Hello, Dora.
You look beautiful.
Thank you.
Belle, this is Dora,
your scene partner.
Hey.
Dora, this is Belle's
first legitimate adult scene.
And so, be nice.
Oh my gosh! Girl, welcome.
You are so cute.
Oh my god, this is gonna be
so much fun.
Now, have you ever been
with a girl?
Well, I've actually identified
as bisexual for a while
but I've never fully explored it
so I'm kind of excited.
Me too. It's gonna be super fun.
There you go.
Do you have wardrobe
on under that?
Yeah.
I'm just gonna put a little
something on there.
Thank you.
Of course.
There you go.
What do you think?
Oh my gosh.
How did you do that?
I look like a completely
different person.
No, you just look like
the other you.
Belle, the bad girl
who's ready to get banged.
[ laughs ]
Totally.
Action.
I'm here for the pool party.
Hi. Yeah, we're the first
ones here.
I guess we'll just have
to entertain ourselves.
Mmm.
Cut.
Uh, Belle? Can I have a word?
I'm sorry, I'm nervous.
This feels really official.
It's ok.
I mean, you're having sex
with someone you just met
in front of total strangers.
It's ok to be nervous.
The thing is...
everyone here, including you
and I, are working.
Everyone's just doing
their job.
Your job is to have fun.
Or at least look like
you're having fun.
Belle, do you like sex?
Yeah, I do.
Ok. Go get her.
And rolling, and action!
I'm here for the pool party.
Oh, hi.
Yeah, um, we're the first
ones here.
I guess we'll just have
to entertain ourselves.
[ moaning ]
Alright, now kiss by her bikini.
And now get this angle.
♪
I don't know how to cook.
Awe, I'll teach you.
[ moaning ]
♪
Back to reality I guess?
Where are you from?
Oklahoma.
My mom's been pretty sick
the last couple of years
and I have younger sisters
that I help out with.
You're in school, right?
Yeah. I mean, this is how
I'm paying for it.
I have so much reading
to try to catch up on
on the way back.
What's the book?
Culture Theory.
It's like anthroposemiotics
and it's essentially
the practice of trying
to conceptualize
and understand the dynamics
of culture.
Oh yeah?
Yeah, like race, ethics,
gender and sexuality
is all a part of it.
Neat. You're really smart.
You must have a nice family.
Yeah. They're great.
Do they know you're
doing porn?
No. I haven't told them.
I can't.
I- I haven't told anyone.
I'm keeping this a secret.
That's what everyone says,
but my two cents?
People always find out.
It's better just to come clean.
It can be really isolating
if you don't tell anyone.
They're just, like...
really religious and...
I don't know.
It's fine. I'll be fine.
They just can't find out.
Look who's back, bitches!
I missed you, roomie.
I missed you, too.
Wait, what?
Nice bag, baller.
My ex-boyfriend gave me that.
He's totally trying
to get me back.
Dang. You must have put a spell
on him.
Well, he says he's still
in love with me
but we live on opposite sides
of the country, you know?
Yeah, true dat.
Ok, get dressed.
We got stuff to do.
What stuff?
The Foundry.
It's time to party, party!
No, Jolie, I can't.
I have so much work to do.
I totally blew everything off
when I was home.
Eh. Wrong answer.
All work and no play makes
Miriam a very boring girl.
You can't just let the fun part
of college pass you by.
[ electronic music plays ]
♪♪
What's up, hookers!
Oh, you had to see it!
Becky totally had too many
jell-o shots and ate it!
No!
It was insta-classic.
That sounds so funny!
Oops.
Oh, crap.
Sorry!
Don't worry about it.
Oh well.
It's just a hoody.
A little effort next time?
I spy with my little eye...
JFK Junior's here!
Let's do this.
No, no, no, wait.
Jolie, I'm-
Overruled!
Gavin, hey.
Jolie and Miriam, remember us?
We met on orientation night.
Oh yeah, hey.
H- hi.
How was your break?
Pretty average.
Did you go anywhere?
What? Did someone have their
period on your sweatshirt?
No, it- it's just wine.
It's a nice look.
Dude, did you see
Melody Woods?
She's got this top on,
makes her tits look insane.
She's totally in heat tonight.
I can hit it.
[ laughs ]
Who's that ratchet chick
in the glasses?
I wouldn't. Would you?
Her? No way, dude.
Sevens or higher.
Sexy chicks only.
Forget those losers.
He has no idea.
About what?
♪
Hi. I'm Belle.
Nice to meet you.
Nothing.
Come on.
Merry Christmas.
You are not supposed
to do that.
We said we weren't
doing presents.
Sorry, I couldn't help it.
Open it.
This is awesome.
The fleur de lis is the symbol
of New Orleans
so I thought you might like
to have it when you're here.
It is.
This is so thoughtful.
Thank you.
Are you excited to go home?
Yes. It's been forever
since I've seen my family.
You were just there last month
for Thanksgiving.
I know, but...
it just feels like forever ago.
Well, I'm gonna get you
something when I'm in Nola.
That was a beautiful service.
I thought Father Young
did a nice job.
Yeah, the choir sounded good.
I'm starving.
Actually, Miriam? I'd like
to talk to you about something.
This is your tuition bill.
It says here that
you've paid off $7,000
in the last two months.
At first I thought it was
some kind of mistake.
I called the billing department.
How did you pay that?
Well, you guys said to get
a job and, well,
I've just been getting people
pot in my building.
You've been selling marijuana
to other kids?
Well, I mean, mom, it's
legal here in Washington,
it's really not
that big a deal.
It may be legal here
but it most certainly
is not in North Carolina.
You could get expelled
from school!
You could get arrested!
Mommy, please calm down.
I will not!
Well, I mean, everyone
on campus smokes
and it's safer than drinking,
frankly.
Mir, it's probably a felony
there, it's the south.
What were you thinking?
I... I don't know.
I guess I just thought it would
be easy money.
No amount of money
is worth risking
your personal reputation,
nor the reputation
of this family.
Something like this could follow
you for the rest of your life.
I- I guess I didn't think
it through.
It was a one-time thing.
I won't do it again.
You're not gonna tell dad,
are you?
Well, I won't lie to him.
But I will wait until he
gets home from Afghanistan.
He doesn't need this kind
of stress, too.
Seriously, Mir.
How could you possibly think
this is ok?
[ message alert ]
Hey, mom?
So... you remember I was telling
you about that women's charity
I'm involved with on campus?
Yes.
Well, uh... I'm organizing
a fundraiser
so I'm gonna need to head home
two days early.
So you're not gonna be here
for New Year's.
Well, I can say no,
but it's just for a really
good cause
and they really need someone
with organizational skills.
No, I think you should do it.
It's good to stay engaged
with causes that you're
passionate about.
It's like Father Young
was saying in church today:
it's important to give back.
Hey, Mir?
What's going on?
Nothing.
Because you can always
talk to me.
About anything. Ok?
I'm always here for you.
I know.
I just gotta get back
to school.
[ doorbell rings ]
Ah, there you are.
Sorry, my flight was delayed.
We gotta get you in makeup.
You have four scenes
in two days,
and on Monday your scene
is a great opportunity.
Well, I have class Monday.
I have to take the redeye
Sunday.
Your loss. They want
you on set in 20.
Turn me into Belle.
♪
♪ Sexy
♪ She's so sexy...
That was a very good lesson.
♪ She's too sexy ...
♪
♪ She's too sexy
I am so psyched for rush week!
I really want to get
into Theta Tao.
They throw the best parties.
Are you really gonna rush?
It seems so brutal.
Well, Jeff is a legacy pledge
because of his dad
so he's got a better shot.
Well, I still have to make
a good impression.
I mean, they have to want
you around.
The whole Greek thing seems
kind of arcane to me.
You hear that?
Fun is coming!
[ squealing ]
Hey, Miriam.
Can I ask you something?
Yeah, sure.
Are you in a porn movie?
What're you talking about?
'Cause if not,
then there's this girl
who looks exactly like you.
Like, exactly.
And she even sounds like you
and, well, I mean...
Belle Knox...
it's you, isn't it?
I don't- I don't know
what you're talking about.
who that is.
I guess I have a doppleganger.
So you have a twin sister
who is also a women's
studies major?
Oh, hey, hey, don't get upset.
Jeff, we're friends, right?
Yes. Of course.
I need you to promise me
that you're not gonna
tell anybody, ok?
If anybody finds out about this
my life is over.
Please.
Ok. I won't.
Pinky swear.
Yeah. Pinky swear.
What's up?
Are you ok?
Yeah.
I'm just not really in it
to win it tonight.
Ugh. I feel you.
Hey, Mr. Kennedy's
talking to Jeff.
What do you think
they're talking about?
You know what,
I have to go.
Ok. I'll see you later.
What?
[ multiple notifications ]
Hey, what's wrong?
Nothing.
I'm just... feeling really
stressed about school.
It's ok.
Freshman year can
be overwhelming.
Go back to sleep.
[ whispering ] Dude, it's early!
My roommates
are asleep!
Did you tell them?
Oh, crap.
I guess something
may have slipped.
Half the frats friended
me last night.
I'm so sorry, Miriam. Ok?
I guess 'cause it's rush
and I had been drinking
and the guys started razzing me.
So they've all seen it?
You showed them?
I'm really, really sorry.
You should be!
My life is over!
You must have known that this
would get out eventually!
It's on the internet!
Miriam...
Oh my gosh,
did you hear?
There's a freshman
who's a porn star.
It's all over the collegiate
ACB.
Yeah, uh... I know.
It's me.
What do you mean,
it's you?
I'm the porn star.
What are you talking about?
I didn't go home
for Thanksgiving
and I didn't visit my friend
at Georgetown.
I've been flying to LA
to shoot porn scenes.
What? Why?
I really need to pay for school
and you can make a lot of money
and we had
kinda joked about it.
So you've just been lying
to me?
I didn't want anyone to know.
I didn't want it to get out.
Why didn't you just tell me?
You have been such
a great friend,
but I didn't want you to think
less of me.
Listen, I don't care
what you do.
As long as you don't lie
to me.
Ok.
This person says I should
get expelled.
"What a whore, her nose
is bigger than her tits."
This is crazy.
"She should just kill herself
and do everybody a favour."
"She deserves
to get raped."
They're just trolls.
Nobody posted my name,
right?
No.
But people are gonna
find out.
You know that, right?
There are so many porn
actresses out there,
I just thought it was impossible
for somebody to recognize me.
I mean, I thought I could just
go under the radar.
How could I have been
so stupid?
Look, there are supportive
comments, too.
"Who cares? It's her
body, not yours."
Look.
There's a message
from a girl named Amanda.
Does she want to call me
a whore, too?
Actually, she works
for the school paper.
She wants to talk to you.
Uh, no.
I think it might be
a good idea.
You don't deserve
to be harassed.
Hi.
Uh... I'm Miriam.
Amanda. Wanna sit?
I don't know about this.
I get it.
Gossip spreads fast
on campus.
It's only gonna get rougher,
too.
Right.
And some of the frats and
sororities know who I am,
but my name isn't
totally out there.
For the purposes of my article
I can use an alias.
Whatever you're
comfortable with.
And I promise to be fair.
I just don't know.
This is your chance
to tell your side.
Don't you want to make
lemonade?
You know, the guy who outed
me was watching hardcore porn
and yet I'm the one
who's being called a slut.
Because somehow creating
the content is more shameful
than consuming it?
It's a double standard.
So doing porn, for you,
is a feminist act?
Yeah, in a way.
Is that why you're doing it?
I'm doing it because
I need money.
My parents can't afford the
$60,000 a year tuition at Duke
and I don't want to be
in debt for the rest of my life.
I mean, if I waitressed
part-time
I would maybe make $400 a month,
and it's degrading.
You don't find porn degrading?
Actually, it's empowering.
I get to have this alter-ego.
It's like Miriam is this
serious, studious, nerdy girl
and then Belle is this sexy,
mischievous, uninhibited minx.
Yeah, but... aren't most
of the directors men?
And then the way that
these women are shown,
usually helpless, disposable
sex toys
that exist only to pleasure men.
It's true, a lot of
the directors are men.
But maybe it's time
that that changed.
And there's a lot of different
kinds of porn
for different sexual
preferences.
You know, a lot of women,
myself included,
are really turned on by BDSM
and sexual domination.
My sexual preference doesn't
make me any less feminist.
They're all looking at me.
You think they know?
Yeah. They're laughing.
It's like I'm wearing a
scarlet letter or something.
So what do your parents think?
Oh, no. They can't find out.
They're really Catholic
and really conservative
and I know that they would
just freak out.
I mean, my mom would
probably disown me.
They still think I'm a virgin.
I have to get to class.
Ok. Thanks for talking with me.
No, thank you.
I'm really looking forward
to your article.
Slut.
Thank you for being here
for me.
It really means a lot.
I don't have anyone else
to talk to.
Girl, I got you.
Everything's gonna be ok.
You can't let a few a-holes
get to you.
Hi ladies.
What brings you to the women's
centre today?
Last week somebody
put this sign on my door.
This morning I got a death
threat on my Facebook account.
The messages I get
are awful.
That I should kill myself,
I should get expelled.
I've had garbage thrown
at me.
I don't know what to do.
I'm sorry this is happening
to you.
We are 100 percent here
to support you
and the university is here
to support you as well, ok?
We have a zero
tolerance policy
when it comes to this type
of harassment-
And it's not just one person,
either.
Would you like me to speak
to the resident's advisor?
We could see about moving
your room?
Maybe to a non-co-ed building.
No, I love being
Jolie's roommate.
Ok, well that is an option
if you change your mind.
So there's no way I'll get
kicked out of school, right?
No, no. Absolutely not.
Just so you know, our
perspective is that what you do
in your own time and how
you choose to make a living,
as long as it's legal,
is entirely your choice.
We do not pass
judgment here.
I really hope you come forward
with a complaint
and we can figure
this out together.
Well, I'm not ready to do that.
At least not yet.
Thank you so much.
You've been super helpful.
Yeah, I actually feel
a little better.
Good, I'm glad.
I really think you should reach
out to your family.
It can be difficult
being isolated
and if you're feeling bullied
it's incredibly important you
have a strong support network.
The stress of trying
to keep a secret
can often be worse
than coming clean.
Thanks ladies.
You guys?
The article got published.
Amanda totally lied.
She said she'd be fair.
She gave you an alias like
she said she would.
"Missy makes a compelling
argument.
"I'm a feminist and to me
that means taking agency
"over my personal liberty
and my right to choose
"what to do with my body."
This is really flattering.
I don't understand
why you're so upset.
She makes me sound like
I contradict myself.
Then she says I'm insecure
and that makes me sound like
I'm some first-year woman
seeking approval or something.
She said to make lemonade.
I don't know.
I thought she made you sound
pretty good.
Well, I'm not some insecure,
first-year woman.
She reduced me to a cliché.
I think she made you seem
really human.
And vulnerable.
I don't want pity.
I want people to understand
that this is about empowerment.
I get that, but-
You know what?
Let's go to The Foundry tonight.
I need to get out.
Really?
Oh no.
Look who's here.
It's fine.
I'm fine.
Really.
Hey.
Oh, hi.
How're you doing?
Pretty good. How about you?
I'm all good.
What're you doing later?
Uh... I don't know.
You wanna hang out?
Yeah, that would-
that would be awesome.
Cool.
So you wanna meet me and
my buddies back at the dorm?
What buddies?
[ laughs ]
Come on, Belle. It'll be fun.
We can make a video
of our own.
I mean, that's-
that's your thing, right?
[ knocking ]
[ Guy ]: Hey, slut!
[ Guy2 ]: Hey Belle, wanna make
a movie?
[ Guy ]: Come on out,
we know you're horny!
Hey!
Campus security is
on its way!
You better get out of here!
What am I supposed to do?
They're gone.
But they're not gonna stop.
And my name's not Belle,
it's Miriam.
It's fantasy! She's a character!
Excuse me, professor.
I have a question
about my thesis.
No. No, no, no.
I'm sorry.
Don?
What's the problem?
I was not told that the actor
would be, like, 50.
I've been super clear that
I don't wanna book any scenes
with any co-star over 35.
You were serious?
Yes.
Well, I apologize,
it'll never happen again.
But the crew is here
and they're ready to work.
Let's go.
I'm not comfortable with this.
If you don't do the scene
you'll be labeled "difficult".
It's your call.
That's a good girl.
And action.
Excuse me, professor?
I have a question
about my thesis.
[ moaning ]
Oh, yes!
Oh yeah, baby!
Oh, right there.
Don't stop.
Yes!
[ moaning ]
Cut!
They're not ready
for my scene yet.
You're studying again?
How's school?
I have so much work
to do over the weekend.
And honestly I'm having a hard
time concentrating on anything.
Now that I got outed on campus
it has been so stressful.
Did you talk to
your parents yet?
No, I can't.
You have to.
They're gonna find out.
What if they never wanna talk
to me again?
No matter what, it's better
that it comes from you.
Just do it.
If you're afraid to call
you can text.
Does your mom text?
It's like pulling
a Band-Aid off.
It's gonna be ok.
I don't know if it is.
[ phone rings ]
What do I do?
It's ok. Take a deep breath.
You can do this.
Mom?
Miriam, what are you
talking about?
What does this text
even mean?
Mom, um... I wasn't selling
pot last semester.
I was filming adult videos.
What? Pornography?
No, you can't be serious.
Well, I mean, porn
is just a business
and it's an honest job.
What are you thinking?
I knew that you and dad had
enough financial pressure on you
and I didn't wanna add
to your stress.
Mom, believe me,
it's gonna be fine.
No, it's not gonna be fine.
Do you understand
what you've done?
All the hard work,
all your accomplishments?
You've just thrown
them away!
[ sobbing ]
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to.
I've gotta go.
[ sobbing ]
Giles is an all-women's hall
so hopefully it'll be
a little more quiet.
I hope so. I hate moving.
I'm gonna miss you.
Hello, I'll be over
all the time.
Skank.
[ laughing ]
Ignore them.
No. You know what?
I'm not gonna ignore them.
Hey, what'd you say?
Nothing.
No, actually you called me
a skank
but now you're not gonna
say it to my face.
You don't have to get
all psycho.
Wow. Psycho and skank?
Because that's what women
who speak their minds
and make decisions about
their own bodies are, right?
But you're, like, doing people
for money.
I mean, it's embarrassing.
I made a choice.
You don't have to agree with it,
but the fact you fell the need
to discriminate against me
and shame me is really sad.
Good for you.
Come on.
[ phone ringing ]
Oh, hold on.
I'll be right there.
Hello?
Can I speak with Miriam Weeks
please.
This is she.
Hey.
So... that was someone
from CNN.
They want to interview me.
Really?
I think I'm gonna do it.
My next guest was just another
student at Duke University.
Now she's known as Belle
Knox and she's acting in porn
to pay her tuition.
You are probably right now
pound-for-pound
the most infamous student
in America.
How do you feel about that?
It's totally surreal.
I mean, suddenly all these
strangers know who I am
and have an opinion about me.
I could have never
imagined this.
As a feminist, as a woman
in women's studies,
taking part in porno-
pornographic scenes
sort of puts uncomfortable,
unnecessary stereotypes
about there for-
for lots of men to think is
the norm.
To me, feminism is not about
acting masculine or feminine,
it's about having the right
to act in any way we choose.
There will be lots of people
watching this
who will be feigning outrage
and yet, secretly,
probably looking at porn
quite regularly themselves.
Do you think there's a hypocrisy
in the way that people treat
pornography in America?
Of course.
You know, something like 80
percent of all online traffic
goes to porn sites.
She's only eighteen or nineteen,
so I think we underestimate
how, you know,
immature and naive she is.
Definitely.
We like to say that, you know,
porn is ok, whatever,
it's just a job.
Maybe she doesn't identify
with it.
She probably thought that
I'm gonna go out there,
do this, it's just a job,
it's not who I am-
I think you're right, and...
but...
also, you gotta own up
to what you do though.
Because at some point it can
become who you are.
If I'm honest, I've got a young
daughter, very young,
only two years old, but if she,
when she is your age,
decided to do this, I would be
pretty upset as her father.
[ laughs ]
I think the important thing
is whether
the person is doing it
by choice.
If you have a choice
I don't see why anyone
would have a problem.
The choice for me felt
really natural.
I've always been very
comfortable with my sexuality
and I've been watching porn
since I was twelve years old.
[ crowd murmurs ]
You know, you're a guest
on our show,
I don't- I don't want to
make you feel any kind of bad,
it just... for someone
to say that
"I've been watching porn since
I was twelve years old,
"and it empowers me",
to me it sounds like you have
something completely memorized,
uh, that you're saying.
I just- my heart breaks.
It really does.
[ crowd cheers ]
Are you getting hostility
from men or women?
Definitely more from women.
I can't even go out
without being harassed.
I think a lot of women feel
insecure having a porn star
on campus and they're
probably mad
because their boyfriends
are watching my stuff.
Did she really just say that?
What about us?
We've totally supported her.
[ knocking ]
Come in.
Hey!
Did you see Piers Morgan
yesterday?
He was so brutal.
That's what I wanted to talk
to you about.
You really rubbed some people
the wrong way
when you said women on campus
don't support you.
Oh, that's not what I meant.
Well, that's what it
sounded like.
You have an entire community
of women rallied behind you.
I mean, maybe that doesn't
work for the story,
but I just don't think
that's cool.
Jolie, that's really not
how I meant it.
I guess I just wasn't thinking.
Well, if you're gonna be saying
stuff on TV you need to think.
You can't just say stuff
like that.
It's ok, I'll get over it.
I just wanted you to know.
Ok.
Are you going to do another
interview?
No, I'm going home.
[ sighs ]
We just don't understand.
Why didn't you come to us?
I knew you guys didn't have
the money.
You will always be our daughter,
and we love you, Miriam.
But I'm heartbroken.
I just don't think you've really
thought through
what this is going to mean
for the rest of your life.
I know what I'm doing, daddy.
Do you?
Paul.
Paul, wait!
Where are you going?
I have nothing to say to you.
Paulie...
So you sell these panties
to old dudes?
Well, the fans buy them
when you sign autographs
at these conventions.
They'll pay, like, 50 bucks,
so...
Wow, weird.
It's all part of building
my brand, or whatever.
I can't believe Paul
won't talk to me.
Give him time.
Well, it's really just unfair.
How did you expect them
to react?
They're conservative
and Catholic.
And you're their little girl.
I just wanted a little support.
Well, they have a right
to their feelings, too.
How do you feel?
I mean... when were
you gonna tell me?
We've known each other
our entire lives,
and I kinda feel like I was
the last person to know.
I really wanted to tell
you, but...
I guess I thought that if anyone
back here knew about it,
it would make it real.
You can't keep the truth
from me like that anymore.
We're best friends.
I know. I won't.
How often do you have
to get tested?
Every two weeks.
I have to do it to be able
to film scenes.
Isn't it scary?
I mean, aren't you afraid
you're gonna get something?
Well, yeah, of course.
But everyone tests,
so it's safer than hooking up
with guys at school.
And it's a lot more fun
because it's on my terms.
Do you really think that?
Yeah, I do.
I mean, when I'm in porn land
I feel welcomed.
Like those are my peers.
You can be whatever you want
and you won't get judged.
At school everyone judges me
and they-
they put me into categories.
It's empowering to be
who I want to be.
You're really good
at crafting arguments.
I've seen you making cases
on the debate stage,
I saw you doing it again
on talk shows.
But you're not on a talk show
right now.
You're talking to me.
And I feel like you're trying
to sell me on something.
I mean, if you feel so empowered
and if you love what
you're doing so much,
why do you seem
so unhappy?
Love you.
I love you, too.
Will you please tell Paul
that I love him and I miss him?
I will.
Going to the airport?
Yep.
Where are you headed?
Vegas.
Vegas, baby.
Man, that's my town.
What's the occasion?
Bachelorette party.
Better be careful.
People get pretty wild
and crazy in Vegas.
Hey, wait.
You're that girl.
You're that porn girl that went
to Fernwood Prep.
I got a celebrity in my car.
Oh, yeah, I guess.
What's your name again?
I gotta watch your movies.
Belle. Belle Knox.
Why don't you come sit up front
with me, Belle Knox?
[ dance music plays ]
Hi there, sir.
Belle. You're a
naughty schoolgirl?
Yes I am.
I go to Bad Girl University.
Sign my picture?
Sure.
That's $20.
Can I take my picture
with you?
Ok.
How about if I hold onto you
a little bit just like that?
Yeah.
Well, can I get a kiss
on the cheek?
Ok.
Man. You are so hot!
What're you doing later?
Or should I say who?
I'm a very busy girl.
I bet you are.
Hey Belle, tell them about
your new sex toy line
coming out next month.
Sometimes I'm a very
naughty girl.
I bet you need
lots of spankings.
I do. I can't get enough of 'em.
I'd like to bend you over
and teach you a lesson
for being so bad.
I can help discipline.
Uncooperative little girls
are my speciality.
Excuse us.
How are you doing, sweetie?
I'm ok.
Yeah?
This is intense.
I know, but just keep your head
in the game.
Forget about all the gossip.
What gossip?
Oh, it's nothing.
Just some girls are complaining
and calling you a diva.
It's nothing, really.
Just typical stuff.
It's gonna be ok.
Ok?
Looks like you did quite well.
Yeah, I guess.
I still have to pay for hair
and makeup and travel,
so maybe I made like $500.
But you didn't have to go
down on anyone.
Yeah.
Hey, have you heard that people
have been calling me a diva?
Don't worry about that.
Why would anyone say that?
Belle, you're new. You're hot.
You booked a lot of jobs.
The other girls,
they're just jealous.
But I really want people
to like me.
They do.
[ shutters snapping ]
Over here.
Dora.
Hey, what's going on?
Nothing, we're just
heading inside.
Um, no.
Something's wrong.
Why don't your friends
like me?
Listen, you're really
pissing people off
with all your press.
I was just trying to put out
a positive message.
Talk to you later.
[ shutters snapping ]
[ sobbing ]
You ok?
Yeah, I'm fine.
I tell you what.
If you ever feel like you're
becoming your alter-ego,
that's when you should
be worried.
You have to keep fantasy
separate from reality.
That's how you protect yourself.
They're waiting for you
out there.
Good luck.
On behalf of the Risqué
Awards Committee,
I am especially excited to
present our final category.
And the winner for Best Newcomer
goes to...
Belle Knox!
Alright!
[ applause ]
Thank you.
Oh my gosh, you guys.
I just- I want everyone
to know
how much this award means to me.
I really love this business,
so thank you for being like
my new famy.
[ applause ]
There goes the spokesperson
for the entire industry.
Belle Knox.
Dora.
Hey, can I hang with you?
No.
Go find someone else
to cling onto.
Why are you being like this?
You really don't get it,
do you?
Nobody asked you to go on
every show and blog
and speak for us.
You've been in this industry
for five minutes
and you don't know
what you're talking about.
But you love that spotlight
and I guess that's the most
important thing, huh?
No, I- I was trying to help.
Yeah, trying to help yourself.
None of us need or want
your help, ok?
I thought we were friends.
We hung out a couple
of times
but we hardly know each other.
Wow, are you really
that naive?
Hey, baby.
Don?
It's just- just me.
What are you doing in my room?
Get out!
[ slurring ] Don't
worry about it.
I just- I told front desk
we were friends.
And maybe greased
the wheels a little bit.
Get out of my room!
Relax.
I got money.
How much do you need?
Get out of my room!
I don't want your money!
Get out! Get out!
Get out of my room!
Go!
Ok, you're right.
Are you checking out, too?
Can you believe
they're having
some sort of smut
convention here?
I mean, I was told
this is a good hotel
to bring my family to.
I'm gonna give them a piece
of my mind.
These people are disgusting.
We can't stay here.
Yeah, it's crazy.
You go to Duke?
That is an excellent school.
Your parents must be proud.
[ sobbing ]
[ knocking ]
Be right there.
Hey.
What's going on?
Can I come in?
Yeah, sure.
Where are you coming from?
An adult industry convention.
I don't want to talk about it.
I just want to make sure
we're ok.
Yeah. We're ok.
It's just...
you have this whole other world
that you're a part of
and it's not easy to relate
to sometimes.
I know.
I just...
I thought I had found
this whole other family
and this place
where I sort of belonged.
But it really wasn't
like that at all.
And you have been so awesome
and so supportive and I am
so grateful for that.
You're wearing my necklace.
That's what friends do.
What you're trying to do,
it's a lot.
It's a lot to take on.
It'd be a lot for anyone.
This all started because I just
wanted to pay for school
and now everything has gotten
so out of control.
It's like I blinked and
my entire life changed.
You made a choice.
And you owned up to it.
So who cares if other people
judge you?
The last few months
have been crazy,
but you're only eighteen.
You're not supposed
to know everything.
You've got your whole life
ahead of you.
Thank you, Jolie.
I'm just not really sure
what I'm supposed to do next.
Anything you want.
Having sex on camera is not
the only thing you're good at,
that's for dang sure.
[ laughs ]
Thanks.
Any time.
I grew up in a very
conservative family.
And while I remain conservative
economically,
I feel much more
socially liberal
and in line with libertarian
ideals and themes
such as free speech, choice,
and autonomy
when it comes to what you
do with your own body.
Whether I choose to be a
sex worker or a social worker,
I don't need the government
telling me how and what to do
and interfering with
my personal liberty.
[ cheering ]
[ applause ]
Hey, Miriam. Can we talk?
We'll just be over here.
Last time we did that
things didn't go too well.
I tried to be fair.
I was much kinder than
those talk show hosts.
That's true.
I know you tried to be fair.
But I'm trying to keep
a low profile, so...
Just out of curiosity,
are you still doing porn?
I mean, off the record.
Let's just say I'm re-focusing
some of my energy
on the bigger picture.
What is the bigger picture?
I mean, what's next?
Politics.
Really?
Like you want to run
for office?
One day.
How will you do that?
I mean, your videos
will always be online.
Our generation is changing
the world.
And so is the stigma associated
with a lot of lifestyles
that have generally been
on the fringes.
I believe that because I believe
in our country
and I believe that people
are good.
Don't you?
I'm not sure.
I'd like to.
I admire how you've
handled everything.
I don't know what
I would have done.
Well, you probably wouldn't have
done porn in the first place.
[ laughs ]
Yeah, probably not.
You're a tough chick, though.
I'm glad you're looking
to the future.
We can only move forward.
Take care of yourself.
You too.
Hey, Miriam?
I have to go.
It was really nice
to see you.
It was nice to see you, too.
Oh, Miriam.
[ shutter snaps ]
♪